hi so in my opinion the equalizer is
what the takin series should have been
you know the first taking was pretty
good and then they just started slicing
him up more than Gordon Ramsay would not
saying the equalizer is supreme or
anything like that but I think both
movies are decent rent its laces
actually the first sequel Denzel has
ever done
he's reuniting with his dude Antoine
Fuqua who directed him in training day
taking what was an old TV series and
revamping it so he can become a kid you
not a freaking superhero
let me explain so when the first one
Denzel was keeping it downloads at a
hardware store as he was taking down
like an entire sector of the Russian
mafia he was watching over Chloe grace
Moretz and equalizing everything since
he's the equalizer and the sequel he's
still evening things out but this time
he works for lyft right he kind of has
that collateral vibe going where he
socializes with different people but at
the same time you know he's still worked
for the special forces and whatever he
clocks out he's also clocking out bad
guys he's not even worried if he can
take out like a room full of dudes that
are younger than him he's more concerned
if he could do it in record time legit
if I ever meet Denzel and he even looks
at his watch I'm dipping thing with this
one is that he pretty much turns into
Batman he's on the Orient Express
hunting down this missing girl as he's
wearing a Forest Whitaker disguise he's
got all the moves down he practically
raises a Robin under his wing now I know
some people are complaining because this
movie may not have as much action as the
first but I think it does like it's car
scene right here was so unnecessary well
dozens L had to do was put it on park
and fight the man but I guess they
really wanted to do this this shot right
here cuz it looked cool but you know you
ain't wrong there was a lot more talking
in this movie but I didn't think it was
that bad you got Sanders from moonlight
who practically becomes his kid you know
he's there and there's this one point
where he gives him this deep speech
about how he shouldn't fall for the gang
life he should be his own man there's
even this book that appears throughout
the movie that it was actually an
author's letter to his son about being
black in America but there's this one
exchange that happens in this movie
where he actually reaches out to the kid
and the kid tells them why me and then
Zell says why not you and I was like
where was Denzel growing up for me the
big toys from the movie was that his
friend from the agency
gets killed and she was the only one who
knew he was the equalizer so when she
dies he goes to reunite with his old
teammates to try to solve her murder
wait for it to turn out that it was them
who did it didn't we just see this exact
twist in skyscraper last week all these
guys are playing that gray card like
Benicio did in the last Jedi where they
were all good guys but now you know they
got to make ends meet and they're taking
out anyone who they possibly can't they
just completely forgot that the
equalizer wasn't dead legit the ending
of this movie takes place in Manchester
by the sea storm which was denzel's
hometown where his wife died and he
pretty much sets up this place with a
bunch of booby traps in order to murder
to these special ops he straight up home
Alone's dumb like for real he harpoons a
dude kills another one with flour
packets during an explosion my man took
the time to head to his local library
and print out pictures of his friend
said decorate the area during the
massacre Petro however who's like his
friend the one who's leading the pack
he's a straight-up punk sure he's got
the same bone structure as Barry Pepper
but his sniping sucks he spends the
entire tourney at the top of the co D
map right up here and somehow can't find
a way to get a shot in I kid you not
there's a point where this dude gets
into a fight with the wind I don't
understand how we didn't see Denzel make
his way up this Rapunzel sized Tower and
this dude yet again gets over and before
falling to his death
needless to say Denzel gets the job done
he brings peace to Boston completely
neglects his buddy's family who no
longer has a provider and gets set to
take on a third one because he is the
equalizer thank you guys for checking
out this video I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below like I said I think
these are both decent rentals I think
didn't sell you know he's out there
still doing his things and Anton fook-la
makes those movies that I think are
always like perfect rent it's it's got
enough action in there usually gets a
pretty good soundtrack with it I would
recommend if you are at home and you got
HBO definitely check out Barry if you
like this whole hitman I don't like
storylines that are out there but I'll
watch Barry didn't tweet at me because
you were going to love that show on HBO
other than that definitely let me know
your thoughts anything down below don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you a lift